<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Meeting Minutes - Brisbane Social Chess</title>
    <meta
      name="description"
      content="Official meeting minutes of Brisbane Social Chess"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" />
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/assets/favicon.png" />
    <link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="/assets/apple-touch-icon.png" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="background-overlay">
      <main class="content-wrapper">
        <!-- Logo -->
        <div class="logo">
            <a href="/">
              <img src="/assets/logo.jpg" alt="Brisbane Social Chess Logo" />
            </a>
          <h1>Brisbane Social Chess</h1>
          <p>A place for casual chess, for fun and friendly people.</p>
        </div>

        <!-- Navigation -->
        <nav class="nav-links">
          <a href="/">Home</a>
          <a href="/games.html">Games</a>
          <a href="/minutes.html">Minutes</a>
          <a href="/register.html">Register</a>
          <a href="/rules.html">Rules</a>
          <a href="/terms.html" class="active">Terms</a>
        </nav>

        <!-- Section: Meeting Minutes -->
        <section class="section">
          <h2>Meeting Minutes</h2>

          <!-- May 2025 -->
          <article class="minutes-entry">
            <h3>May 2025 â€“ Committee Meeting</h3>
            <p>
              <strong>Present:</strong> Jimmy, Steve, Rob, Matt<br />
              <strong>Apologies:</strong> Ben
            </p>
            <ol>
              <li>
                Need to either lodge an annual Not For Profit (NFP) self-review return to confirm eligibility for income tax exemption or cancel ABN.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Rob advised that this is a statutory requirement.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted that for non-profit organisations the return is fairly easy, an office bearer must lodge and can do so on-line, via mail or by phone. There are a few quirks to the "how to lodge" process.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    The alternative is to cancel our ABN which could be appropriate as BSC has effectively not engaged in profit making business over the last 12 months.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt noted that an ABN is required to apply for grants.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt advised his tax agent is progressing an NFP on behalf of BSC.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    The committee discussed the pros and cons of continuing the ABN.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    A vote of the committee unanimously agreed to continue the ABN.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Preparation for the Annual General Meeting.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Steve suggested that some early preparation for our next AGM would make the process easier.
                  </ul>
                  <li>
                    Steve suggested that a list of tasks with identified responsibilities would be useful as would an early forecast of a date.
                  </ul>
                  <li>
                    Rob stated that he would prepare accounts again after the end of the financial year.
                  </ul>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted that there would need to be a call for nominations to office bearers and suggested that it would be ideal to prepare for actual elections should more than one candidate nominate.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Business cards.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Matt noted that it is possible to get 250 business cards for about $100.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted the need to decide what goes on the card and that there is no BSC logo or phone number.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt suggested that contact could be via MeetUp as there are 14 people who can respond.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Steve asked if it was appropriate that any of the MeetUp contacts could respond to business enquiries without necessarily knowing the BSC committee view.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt wondered if we could use email however noted that this then required monitoring of the email account.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    General discussion considered that business cards were a good idea however some details need to be worked out.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                General Business.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    After some issues with payment of membership the status of Ben as a committee member in terms of the BSC constitution was discussed.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt moved that Ben be re-appointed to the committee, seconded by Steve and unanimously agreed.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              </li>
            </ol>
            <p>
              <strong>Next meeting</strong> in 2 months, Jimmy to advise of a suitable date.
            </p>
          </article>

          <hr />
        </section>
      </main>
    </div>

    <!-- Footer -->
    <footer class="site-footer">
      <p>
        &copy; <span id="year"></span> Brisbane Social Chess. All rights
        reserved.
      </p>
    </footer>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="/script.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
